feat: organization export (#2790)
contentful/contentful-cli: docs/organization/export/README.md

# Contentful CLI - `organization export` command

This command helps you export organization data to a json file

## Usage

```
contentful organization export

> export a space data to a json file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
export an organization's data to a json file
```

could even be more specific that it is just taxonomy data rn to cut down on confusion, up to you
